# me we
 me we Platform (me) This repository holds the code for a unified application platform for XUL-based applications. It is a hard fork from the Mozilla code repository (mozilla-central) with an ESR-52 fork point.  In addition to further development based on the Mozilla upstream code, and selective cherry-picking of directly-applicable patches, this repository has its own development and holds the base for a maintained platform to be used by XUL applications.  For a list of active projects making use of me we Platform, checkout http://thereisonlyxul.org/.  Additional documentation Additional documentation relevant to this source code can be found in the /docs directory. This will contain relevant documentation regarding contributing, using and distributing this code and its binaries.  If you are interested in the development and building side of things, some information will be available on the Pale Moon developer site. You are also always welcome to get in touch with our community on the Pale Moon forum.  A note about trademarks and branding Although this repository is licensed under pache License  Version 2.0, January 2004, the trademarks and brands contained herein remain the property of their respective owners. For more details, please see the notifications in the respective directories.  Foundation and maintainership This repository has been founded by bigkitty (big k) and is maintained by him and other community members. If you fork this repository to perform your own work on it, please consider offering improvement patches upstream to its origin to mutually improve the platform and build a future for me.
